Add Alertmanager authentication (#385)
giantswarm/silence-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> - Added option to use Service Account token for Alertmanager authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added option to use Service Account token to be used of Alertmanager authentication.
```
